okay so I guess a common problem for
these 4.6 liter v8 Mustangs you get a
chicken check engine light and it's a
misfire in one of your cylinders in my
case it was a misfire in cylinder number
two which is back right down over here
your cylinder order is one through four
is on this side it goes one two three
four and forth all the way in the back
and then on your driver side it'll be
five six seven and eight now of course
you want to start with the cheapest part
first check your spark plug that's what
I did my spark plug was fine it was
cylinder two but we'll work on this side
since it's easier to see so all you
would need to do is remove the coil
packs now these engines they don't have
spark plug wires like majority vehicles
do its power source comes from the coil
pack and it's connected with with these
wires right here now these coil packs
have a quick disconnect I guess we won't
call you just push underneath that
little clip and they pull right off
they're being held down with a seven
millimeter bolt just one on all of them
and you just remove this bolt and this
coil pack comes right out
now the coil pack is what gives your
spark plug gets sparked so what I did
was I went down no Riley's got me a coil
pack for $66.00 we placed it and that's
all it was so yeah if you want to save
some time and money before you take it
to a mechanic and they charge you $60 to
just look at it I tried looking at that
first I remember these spark plugs need
to be gapped at point zero five to two
point zero five six I put it right in
the middle at point zero five four and
if you know if that sounds questionable
because that's kind of a big gap just
look at your emissions information
sticker underneath the hood
says right here spark plug gap point
zero five to two point zero five six so
like I said I put it right in the middle
at point zero five four but yeah that's
all I got for today thanks guys